# BLACK_AMERICAN_TEXT
The objective of this document remains academic and personal. It is academic in the sense that it can provide materials for people to discuss the contents and to reproduce the codes while learning from the process. It is also deemed as a tutorial due to fact the guidelines used to conduct the litteray study of the texts of some African-American authors might be helpful for those who would like to analyse authors found in the gutenberg project.
The  personal part of this piece of work is to be able to give proof of my ability to use R programming for text mining. On one hand, The study aims to quantify the books or any texts published by 4 African-American authors known and revered for their fight to free socioeconomically the black in the US. On the other hand, this piece of work will present analyses that will be based on sentiments approaches and also figure out similar themes developped by these authors. The authors are as following:Booker T. Washington, W.E.B Du Bois, Frederick Douglass, and Zora Nearle Hurston. 
The authors's texts or books could be imported from the gutenberg project :  https://www.gutenberg.org/. During the work, I haven't neither read the books which are being analyzed nor showed any presomption that I have a good deal of knowledge of contents of these books. I have only read a book by Booker T. Washington and one by W.E.B Du Bois. In a nutchell, I've assumed that they were all tormented by the same issues around their time. Therefore, the words of their books will show similarities.

##Gathering Data##
